hi I'm Tara Bell fans are circuits and
today I'm going to show you how to make
your very own water there's a few things
that will need for this we start with
three meters the poly pipe I'm using
blue line by line that can be picked up
from any of your local hardware stores
for the average adult three meetings
will be the perfect amount to make your
site see if you're over 6 foot or under
5 foot then you need to have a little
bit less or a little bit more qualified
have a play with it see how it feels to
you secondly you'll need some
lightweight wood what I've got here is
some doubt we only need three inches of
the doubt what we have is 16 millimeter
down to fit perfectly inside our poly
pipe you also need some electrical tape
and some grip tape as well as some
coloured contact to make your hoop look
individual the first step is to insert
one half of your down so one and a half
inches inside the poly pipe just like
that the next step is to get the other
end of your light back and holding onto
the down so it doesn't get pushed
through the first face insert down
inside the other side of the poly pipe
once you've got half the dal in each
side of the poly pipe just squeeze both
ends together to cover the dowel as you
can see here i will line up the blue
lines it just means there's no twist in
the whole loop the next step is to take
our electrical tape and wrap some around
about one inch over the join on the
planet
this will ensure that your hula hoop
does not come undone while you're 12
now you have the basis for your very own
blue to make your home unique and a
little bit more fun I like to use
colored contact what I've got here is
silver holographic contact so the one I
hope in the sun shine the light is
reflected or will do is wrap that around
our hoop to make the whole hoop nice and
colorful the next step is to take some
grip tape you can use any color or size
of grip tape all you do is peel the
adhesive off and wrap the grip tape
around your hoop like sorry this allows
a little bit of extra grip when you hold
a whooping to keep the hoop up as you
can see with this room I've covered it
in silver holographic tank and then I
put some black grip tape around the
outside to help keep it up now you have
your very own and you need glue